what's up YouTube I'm Mitch Santoni here
with a brand new Walt Disney Store
exclusive figurine playset from new
movie frozen
okay people saw the beauty of these
little Disney Store exclusive playsets
is that this little diagram on it does
make for a nice little diorama you could
keep it in this display set but you can
also take it out if you just cut along
the edges here just remove the tape and
now you could have everything intact and
these figures will still plug back into
their little ports all right now
according to people that I've talked to
you don't know much about this movie
because well it's not out yet so I
haven't seen it I can't say that I know
much about it but I do know that this
movie is based off a Hans Christian
Andersen story and this is Anna and I
believe Anna is a sister of Elsa and I
believe Elsa is the ice princess and
Anna is the princess of something else
but she is her sister she goes were her
sister for help that's all I really know
here is her figurine she's looking very
shy with her beautiful little flowered
dress of sorts and I don't know what I'm
talking about but here is Anna beautiful
and this is her sister Elsa you can see
she is a in a very ethereal looking
sparkly gown and she's calling upon a
snowflake which she's probably conjuring
in her hands very cool looking I like
the expression that these figures have
they don't have any articulation but
they do make for very nice display
pieces okay now here is Kristoff
Kristoff with his little pointed Iron
Sheik looking boots he's got a rope over
his shoulders dressed very warmly a
little fur lined coat here lots of
detail diggin Kristoff not sure what his
role is gonna be in the movie but gosh
the way he's standing there with that
smirk he looks real important here is
then spend the reindeer this is a very
cool figurine here now he's a little bit
rubbery here so you're not gonna like
gouge your face off or anything with
these antlers but spins very cool very
animated looking face and I I do quite
enjoy this guy like this just having
this for this guy here the little
reindeer looks really cool
they had big plushies of him at the
Disney Store along with Olaf and we've
seen him in a couple there's there's
some full-length animated
shorts that are floating around the
internet too you can kind of watch that
if you're interested so go and check out
then here is Hans Hans with his sward
and his uh knee boots here he looks
somewhat royal in his appearance I've
got to imagine he's some sort of a
prince of some sort at least he's
dressed like one or somebody with a
little bit of money from whatever era
this is from but yep there's Hans
rocking the sideburns rocking the sword
rocking the tails
Hans baby and here is Olaf the snowman
very cool watch the animated short a few
guys can it's a preview on a lot of the
new Disney movies that are out now but
yeah Olaf is really cool I like this guy
a lot I wanted like a plushie that had
some electronics in them they just had
just a normal stuffed animal so if there
are any interactive ones you'll see some
reviews of those on this channel but for
right now we're stuck with the figurine
but it's a very nice looking rendition
of the CG model Olaf here he is the
Snowman so that's gonna wrap us review
people I have the midstate Oh No thank
you very much for watching this is from
Disney's frozen it's a Disney Store
exclusive place that they've got all
these figurine place that's there I
really do like them I'm gonna get a
little diorama for my daughter or my
niece or whoever wants these things one
day when they get old enough to
appreciate them I'm gonna save them for
them maybe they'll be collectible
someday who knows but right now I think
they're cool especially the little
reindeer dude I love spend all 'some on
his own I'll see you guys later take
care more Disney stuff coming your way